Even though money is important I am looking more for a career rather than a job that suits my academic as well as my work expertise. My academic qualification is electronics and communications but my work experience is in software development. So I have been looking for an oppourtunity to work where both my knowledge and expertise can be used. I found the job Cosmic-I offered me demanded both technologies that I was looking for. That is what attracted me to this oppourtunity. I consider Career goals and job statisfaction are equally important to what I make.  

I doubt it. As far as I know they are hiring me for 2 reasons. One, they needed somebody who can liaison between offshore and onshore resources on a timely fashion due to the timezone difference. During the interview process I had mentioned that I am currently working in a similar situation with Bank of America. Second my qualification and experience matched what they were looking for. Further, I think they are going to pull the whole project to be done in the US entirely in about a year and that point, I assume that I may be replaced by a local in the US.

I found that the job they were offering me suits me much better to both my academic and work experience. I have not found many opportunities to use my academic knowledge in electronics and communication as well as my work experience as a software engineer. This oppourtunity is more important to me than the size of the company I am working for. So I believe this is a mutually beneficial situation for both me and my employer.

I already have a well paid job with Bank of America so I don't have any need to pay somebody for a new job. So I believe you have been mis informed.

Cosmic-I has been in business for the past 11 years and I believe they have a strong client base. So I would assume that they will have a need for me after this project is completed and I hope they will extend my stay. If not I will come back to india and find my next oppourtunity here. 

More than 8 years of total experience in the it industry with excellent programming and database skills. Managed the development of multiple enterprise wide .net projcts at BA. Involved full software development life cycle as requirement gathering and analysis, technical documentation, development, integration and implementation. Design and code review to ensure that the desired goals are met. Lead the development team towards enterprise approach. 

Cosmic-I was established in 2006 as a custom software development company. They have developed expertise in all verticals software application application platforms including desktop, web and mobile applications. Pertaining to the software development life cycle, project maintenence, business system analysis, software design and development, quality assurance and implementation. They have gained domain expertise in all industries including retail, manufacturing, telecom and finance. 

Cosmic-I has a contract with eBest to provide software development services to support their SFA Solutions and CDE IOT solutions. At the heart of the CDE IOT solutions is their connected cooler cloud platforms and mobile applications. Both cloud and mobile applications are complex software systems. This solutions is used by very popular clients including coca-cola, p and g and kraft to name a few. 

I will be assigned to work on a software development application for our client eBest. Hands on coding UI, Middle tier, back end and database programming. Experience with various sdlc's including waterfall, agile and scrum. Work with project leads and architects to create application frameworks. I am a microsoft certified solutions associate and solutions associate. Expertise in 